And I'm just wondering if you would mind giving me some indication.If you were there last night, would you mind putting up their hands?Those that didn't hear me last night, but I think.Those who couldn't care less.Thank you. For those of you who are not there last night, let me give you a little bit of background.I failed in every grade school. I came from a third generation welfare recipients family.I had four fathers into mothers.Most of my family had free board and lodging. Switch King George the 6th at mental if gaoled.And my ambition in life is to be flyweight boxing champion of the world.I went to my first school at 7 years of age.And they thought I had brain damage.And they couldn't do anything with me.At 26 years of age I was virtually illiterate, which meant I could not articulate words and  had great problems in comprehension.I came to Christ the 26 years of age with my wife but Billy Graham Crusade on May the 25th 1959.And I suddenly realised that I was equal with omen before God. And I reasoned that if I was equal with old men before God, I know need to accept any quality with anyone. I was the son of a king.And I read the 1500 autobiographies. I studied lower accounts in philosophy, theology, modern agent, history, politics and economics. I went into business three times, last the three time title back, and then the fourth time built a large real estate company, one of the largest in Australia. It's Time, with offices in Singapore.Hong Kong.I've been involved in December the different kinds of business, so my real estate companies some years ago. Today I have a number of involvements. One, I have 45,000 people on the staff in one area. Another area we have the largest seminar company in the Southern Hemisphere.Put together over 2000 conventions last year.And as well as that, we have interest in all kinds of other enterprises having 127 countries.I do between 200 and 250 flights a year somewhere around the world.As I said last night, normally I'd do this kind of thing for industry. They normally pay me $10,000 an hour or $100,000 a day. I'm here free of charge because I believe that we have a debt to the people of the United States of America and we'd like to try and repay that debt.This morning I'm going to do.At two separate things, I'm going to first of all speak.On a book I wrote called How to Be Motivated All the Time.It all happened when I was lying down on the Chesterfield in our penthouse and some people came up our private elevator to see Ravina. They look through the the large porchway that was in the penthouse through the glass doors and saw me horizontal.And they tend to remain. And I said, this is the first time we've ever seen Peter lying down.And that, she said. Don't you take any notice up?I said, well, is he asleep? She said he would not be asleep.Is healed now he's not heal.What is he doing? He's working.And they said, how is that possible? She said. Look, I've been married to him for 40 years. He's motivated all the time.He's even motivated when he's asleep.And they said that is not possible.She said. You try to live with him for that long and try and tell me it's not possible.And so I heard them talking and got up and walked out.And greeted the people and they said Ravina said that you are motivated all the time. Is that true?I said yes.And they said how can that be possible?I said well it's not so much a matter of learning you printable, but rather a matter I've remembering and renewing that which we have long forgotten.And to re stimulated by new dimensions of thought are new and old tested, tried and true principles. I then said to them, good motivation means moving towards a pre determined destination.It is living quality and quantity of life that within it's very hard to beat, embodies the very best.That an individual or corporate group can agree to.Used together with the partnership of two indispensable qualities, urgency and dignity, and there are many things that motivate and I started to share with them.There are threats, motivate, fear, commitment, crisis, conflict, love, anger. All of these things will motivate.And I started to give him the principles that I had learned over the years.You see, I did not have the disadvantage of going to university.I did not go through normal schooling. I've never been publicly educated.I did not have a mentor or did I know anyone that was in business.But I had this incredible hunger.And desire to do something I felt that after coming to Christ that my life was renewed and when I started to understand and comprehend the word of God. I read that in July will restore you the years the locust is equal.And so I set forth on a study programme that was quite different than most people use. I had to teach myself to read.And I did that by dictionary pointing to words and showing them to people. This sounds terribly far fetched when you see me now.But if you was to contact anyone in Adelaide, South Australia that knew me, they would tell you that that was correct.And so I had to develop techniques.That work for me. I was not really interested in techniques that work for anyone else.Because I was looking at the people that I was getting to know that came out of higher education and they were barely hanging onto a job.They were unable to think in dimensions that I felt were necessary to think to be successful.I wanted to learn to speak in public, so I went along to a public speaking course. I paid a fee, but when the man introduced himself that was going to teach, I ran out of that room and never ever went back, not even to collect my fees.See, one of the great problems today is that we tend to teach people an awful lot of theory.And indeed, I was in Houston the other day and one woman lamented to me that she has 4° and cannot get a job.When I was that.In Minneapolis last year.A taxi driver picked me up to take me to a convention and he told me that he wanted to be successful.And he asked me about my accent and we started to talk and I shared a few things with him. He said, oh, he said, I I'd like to. I'd like to have some more money. I'd like to be rich. I'd like to be wealthy. I said, well, what are you doing about it? He said, well, he said, I've taken this course in computers.I said now answer me this question. The person is teaching you computerization as he rich.He said heck no. He said he drives a clapped out Volkswagen.I said, well, what makes you think that if he can't be rich?That he can teach you to be rich.And he pulled the taxi over to the curb.Anne ran his hands through his hair and said, I never thought of that.And so we're going to do some things today that are a little different. An in speaking about motivation, the first principle is remember that motivation is deeply personal.Nobody can get inside your mind and body an act it out for you.Sometimes we think it's wonderful to be with a group of people that are motivated in it. It makes us agile, hostile and mobile.But immediately they go away, it starts to fall off.Motivation is deeply personal.Nobody can get inside your mind and body an act it out for you.Motivation will determine your lifestyle. If you do not have motivation, then you will indeed have a different lifestyle.Motivation determines your relationship with other people. Have you ever noticed that when someone is highly motivated, people are drawn to that person, almost trying to feed off and gain something of it?And motivation is a discipline personality.It's a lot different than walking around slapping people on the back and making promises that you cannot keep.And making commitments that you have no ability to fulfil.Motivation is a magnet to other people.And let me tell you that your personality can be changed.We read books attend to put us into little pigeon holes in respect to our personality.Let me tell you that I happen to be one of the great challenges to psychologists around the world.Not very long ago one came in to see me and I have been examined by some of the most famous psychologists in the world.But one came in to see me, said Peter. He said you ought to be right now, in the middle of a midlife crisis.I said, Doctor Bob, that can't be true. He said why not? I said I still get pimples.But your personality can be changed. Let me illustrate.I have been examined so many times and they have told me and it's quite true. I am an extremely deep introvert.I like to be alone.I go out into the Outback of Australia on a camel.Just so that I can get way out into the desert with the Eagles, Yes, and the snakes and crocodiles in the wild pigs and everything else.And you may be interested to know that Australia has the largest camel population on Earth.We actually export camels to Saudi Arabia.And please be careful if you go into crocodile country because of crocodiles and beat you over 200 yards on land.So if you want to be safe, always take someone with you that can run slower than you can.But your personality can be changed.I had a choice to make when I came to Christ. I knew that my life was irreversibly changed and I wanted to change the rest of the world.And so I knew that I had to work on my personality. I had to be more outgoing. I had to be able to handle more than one person at a time.And so I undertook disciplines that would allow me to do that and within that I realised that motivation is deeply personal.The second principle of motivation is.You must have clearly defined boundaries.If you want to be motivated all the time, you you have to be selective. You cannot do everything.I would love to be able to play a trumpet.And in frustration one day I went out and bought one and took it back home and for two days nearly blew myself inside out and finished up coming up with a tune.But I I came back to my original thought and that is you have to be selective. If I'm going to put energy in that direction, it's going to subtract some energy from somewhere else.And do not allow intrusion into your preferred area, otherwise you will diminish thrust.And reassess your boundaries regularly for saboteurs.Those things that creep India life that you don't realise that you've reached the point of of crossroads and you've gone off in a different direction than what you intended to.Remember, the boundaries are not limitations, they are selected choices and you cannot allow other people to make choices for you. Life is not chances, it's choices.God is never robotised the mind of man after the episode in the Garden of Eden and he did not come down and renegotiate.You need to have clearly defined boundaries and definitions. Means that you have evaluated your own life.You are responsible for you.The third principle of being motivated all the time is to have long term goals, and we're going to talk about that this afternoon.What we're going to do in the Breakers have two cardboard boxes, one with men written on it and one with women written I.And if you have ambition?If you really want to do something magnificent with your life.Then put your name in there. I'm not looking for phone numbers or addresses, just put your name in there.And what we will do this afternoon as bring two men and two women up here and we will set their life goals in front of everyone. We will show you the techniques we use in the World Centre of Entrepreneurial Studies.And in that case, when we do that individually, we charged $5000 per person.And we're going to do that and show you how to do a Sofia interested and you have ambition and you'd like to come up on stage. And what we will do is to shake it out out and pull out two men and two women at random.And we will show you goal setting in a totally different dimension, quite different than you've ever seen before. Normally I do it to about 10 or 20,000 people.But a goal for life insurers? Motivational permanence.So many people reach a point in their life where they run out of puff.And they don't know what else to do. They've bought all the furniture they need, they've replaced the cars several times, have upgraded in housing, and they've got some money in the bank. And they run out of energy, They run out of motivation.Long term goals create commitment and long term goals turned fantasy thinking in the fantastic action.Something else that would discovered about long term goals, they can actually reprogram your body clock scientifically was proven that.Anyone here in real estate ought to know that when someone leaves their largest state and moves into a condominium, if they're around 60 years of age, they've only got about five or six years of life left in them.Unless they've got some other major interest.But we have also found that people at 60 or 70 years of age, if they have a magnificent obsession.If they have a long term goal then their life can go on many years past what the expectation would have been.One of the great privileges I have in life is that I worked with some of the biggest corporate giants in history.And I think a man like W Clement Stone that I've worked with from the Combined Insurance Company of America.90 years of age and still going.Why? Because he has a magnificent obsession.I was with the Doctor, Norman Vincent Peale just prior to Christmas training his staff in the Peel Centre for Christian Living.And he is normal, 95 years of age and still going. Why? Because he has this long term goal. And long term goals ensure long term satisfaction.And will come to grips with that this afternoon and we'll explain the process of that. But ask yourself the question, do I have a goal for the rest of my life? Remember that that goal ought to be expandable because you're going to be an entirely different human being.Five years from now than what you are now.Principle #4.If you want to be motivated all the time, you have to develop a positive mental attitude.How do you do that?There are many ways that believe that anything can be done by somebody.Why not you?And why not now?You are unique in the universe.God is never, ever made anyone quite like you.You're to print your voice print.You are the carriers of dreams.And you are the empire builders of tomorrow.And actually physically motivated and very often you'll be mentally stord.Do you carry with you a daily affirmation sheet?I have written on a small piece of cardboard and I've had it for many years. It's very old. I have written down all the things I have to have done by my 85th birthday.Before I go into second gear.And I read it every day.Do you take such a serious look at life that you are prepared to do that?Or they expect God to do for you what you just to burn lazy to do for yourself.Remember that God is committed to optimists.And God is committed to our development.Do you have a daily affirmation sheet to keep you on the track?And learn what I call thought displacement.You get a negative thought and you displace it with a positive thought.Your mind starts to wander sometimes when you lay awake at night and all sorts of ways bouncing off the walls and the ceiling.Have you learned to displace those thoughts with thoughts that are positive and good and honest and true?And then mine talk.Don't let your subconscious mind take you along a path that you really do not want to go.You need to stand central at the gate of your mind and challenge thoughts as they come in. You are in control of your mind. The Bible says let this mind be in you, which is in Christ Jesus.It's important for us.To have the mind of God, to think good thoughts, pure thoughts.You can develop a positive mental attitude.Principle #5 is developed a deep personal integrity.I get a little tired, ladies and gentlemen, the way the Christians are not respected around the world.We cheat on our tax.We tell lies.And then we expect people to accept Christ because of his goodness, but they can't see it through you.I think it's about time that the Christian Church and the members of the church started to tell the truth.I heard a Christian say the other day with shock.Yes, I told him I would do it but I haven't signed anything.Your word should be your bond, even if it hurts. Especially when it hurts.Who are you fooling when you say you will do something and you don't do it?Have a deep personal integrity to yourself.You may not lie directly to me or your spouse or your pasta, but how often do you lie to yourself when you say you're going to do something and you don't follow through with it? And then we find that that strengthens the change that already bind the more times you tell yourself that you're going to do something or you're making.Inward commitment to do something and do not follow through with it the more you are binding yourself.In motivation.Because you know that the things you say you will not carry out.And your subconscious mind will not give you the energy to do it because it knows that you're using what we call pseudo rationale.Why not be someone you can admire, Look at the high quality as you see in other people to develop your deep personal integrity and try to copy some of the things that you admire.And do not ever play games of danger with your subconscious mind.Develop.A deep personal integrity.Angel number six If you want to be motivated all the time, select with care your friends.I do not allow anyone to select me as a friend.I want to qualify it.I want to make sure that that's the person I want to have a relationship with.I want to make sure that they're not going to leave me along a pipe. I do not want to go or put obligations upon me that I will not meet.I look for several things in selecting friends. The first thing I look for is are they honest?Do I have to put a percentage mark on everything they tell me?Can I just forget about that area at all and just accept whatever they say that if they say they're going to do something, it gets done?If they tell me something about someone or something, I can accept it without having to qualify it.I also want to see that they have a sense of humour.I think God has a sense of humour.I was a reject from school. I was rejected just about everywhere I went. Even when I came to Christ, they wouldn't even let me hand out hymn books. They said I wouldn't be able to do it properly.And I think that God has a sense of humour.I now write a bestselling book in less than 15 hours without any reference material and no correction, and it really worth $5,000,000 when I finish.God does have a sense of humour.And be with high Flyers.I want to be with people. I'm not suggesting that they have to have arrived, but I want to be with people that have got empires in their brains.I want to be with people that are going to stretch me, and when I suggest something that I'm going to do, I want them to be able to say, Peter, is that all you're going to do?Have you ever thought about taking a little further and doing and they mentioned something?Yes, I want to be honest. I wanted to have a sense of humour. I want him to have empires in their brains, but also I want him to be generous.I don't even like being in the company of skin flints.You know that they hold their coins so tightly that the imprint is in their hands.Or I've met people that they can lend things I'll in their golf clubs or their motor car or their boat. But can you actually give away cold, hard cash? I mean, just take it out and gladly, happily and hilariously give money away.I know that somebody was saying, well, I can't afford to do that. You cannot afford not to do it.We did it when we were very poor.And sometimes it was very hard to do, but we just happen to believe in what the Bible says in Luke 638. Give an It shall be given under you good measure, pressed down, shaken together as you give it out to others, so it'll be given under you.Yes, honesty.Humour.High Flyers and generosity, that's my selection process.Why don't you select with K your friends?And as you travel through life, you may find that you lose some friends.Because as you start to stretch your spiritual and intellectual muscles, you make your friends feel very uncomfortable.And I'll say you're not what you used to be.And I'll be disappointed about that, but you'll be glad about it because you wanted to grow and expand and you wanted to take hold of the earth and give it a shake for God.Don't be too concerned about that because one day you will face God alone.And you won't be able to tell him that it was your friends, it didn't want you to do it. You'll be alone and you will have to give an account.I watch, you did, down here on Earth.The 7th principle of being motivated all the time is to operate under personal timetables.You've got to be able to use time wisely.Some time ago I was at a major convention an I was asked to speak on time management and for the first few minutes I had a tin rubbished in.And I just stood there and I just burnt money and let it fall in.I just keep burning.And the whole auditorium was hushed.And they were gasping.I think some of them had difficulty in restraining themselves. I want to come out and put the notes out.And I said them, I don't know why you are so concerned about that. You were doing that every day.Because time is money.And it doesn't matter how much money you have, you'll never going to be out of buy back one second of time.And so we have to operate under personal timetables if we're going to be motivated all the time.I had people saying that you don't know my metabolism.I I tend to arrive late for everything.And I say to them, do you miss aeroplane flights?I say no. I said, well, you don't miss him because you discipline yourself.Because you know they will not wait for you.I have a very simple attitude in business. If anyone's 10 minutes late, I'm not there. I'm gone.The simple reason is if they made an appointment with me and I made an appointment with them, it was a appointment of integrity as well as business.And I'm not there after 10 minutes that will have to reschedule and I may never ever reschedule with them again. Not because I'm rude, but because they were rude.And if there was an accident or a problem, I reschedule it immediately.Do not allow other people to control you if you want to be motivated all the time.And keep a respect for your own life span.I'm 61 years of age today. I I believe according to my children, they're praying that I'll hit the tonne.I said that the way you look after yourself, the way that you put together, the way you handle yourself, you should reach 100.And I'm hoping for at least another 35 years hard work left in me.You see, I understand that time is my most valuable possession and I'm going to use it well.I'm going to make sure that I put aside spaces of time to renew my mind and my spirit and my body.Yes, you've got to have a respect for time.Painful #8 If you want to be motivated all the time, minimise people dependency.Irrespective of the size of your company.Or the sides of your involvement.Make sure that you had the smallest number of people reporting directly to you.Operate under a time relationship system. Don't follow the crowd that you've developed.Some time ago I was asked to meet with our government because we're in a major recession in Australia. It would be more like a depression. We have 12% unemployment of 17% unofficially.And they asked if there was any way that I had an idea that they could develop more small businesses.And our state.And I asked them to define what a small business was.And being ACT politicians, they had not even defined that.And it took them 1/2 an hour while I was sitting there to argue it out between each one of them.And finally they said yes.Any business that has less than 200 people.And I shook my head.They said you don't agree with that. I said no.They said, well what would you class as a small business?I said General Motors.They said that they have thousands of people working for them here in Australia, 10s of thousands. I said yes, there are small business.I said but look at all the people have got working for them. I said they made a last last year. I made a profit. I'm bigger than what they are.See, we've got a clear our thinking.Some time ago and our real estate business before I sold it out.I would go through the officers and I would do what I call a commando raid.And I would take three or four letters off the typing pools as I went through, and I would sit in my office and read them and then give them back.The next morning I had a meeting with my staff.And I looked at Lorraine and I said, Lorraine, you wrote a letter to one of our clients yesterday and said, would you contact this office as soon as possible?Would you tell me what the time frame is for as soon as possible?She said, well, I mean as soon as possible. I said yes, you put that in the letter, but you haven't given me an explanation for a time frame for as soon as possible.She said, well I can't give you a time frame for it.And then one of the other girls were smiling. I said, you send a letter to one of our clients and said contact us at your earliest convenience.Could you give me a time frame?For your earliest convenience, he said. Well, that's like asking me how long is a piece of string.I said, well why are we sending out these stupid letters that no one seems to understand?When you write to our clients ask him to contact you by a date with a time frame in it and I rise it.And we found that we could cut down on our stop and even had more efficiency.See examined regularly your people quotient.Printable #9 is remain in control all of the time.Control means that you can change anytime.Control means letting rains out and delegating under guidelines with the report system.And be careful of partnership, particularly as a Christian, that we are not unequally yoked.You don't want someone taking you along a path that you feel uncomfortable about travelling.And control means following your plan, not dominating every event, but setting the principles.Do not be manipulated by people or events.One of my involvements.Around the world is.On the international board of the Robert Shiller Ministry.I'm probably the longest serving international board member there. I hope will the correct crystals at the drop.And one thing, the Bob Sugar in system, he says.Never surrender your leadership.Never surrender leadership.Some people will say well.You know I don't like the way you leading will find another leader or lead yourself.I have a sign in my office it says lead or follow but get out of the way.And if we have to do anything as Christians, we are supposed to lead. We are called salt and light, which means we should penetrate everything and light, which means we should leave the way. As a Christian, leadership for you is not optional, it's mandatory.You are either leader in effect or you are a leader in self-imposed exile. But you are a leader.One of my friends said when my name is on the letterhead.I will always call the shops.And if you have difficulty with that, then go out and show us how it should be done. Don't criticise.Principle #10.If you want to be motivated all the time except total personal responsibility.If you cannot act responsibly for yourself, happen you be trusted by others.And do not abdicate responsibility.Total responsibility means total planning.Responsibility sometimes mean confrontation.And control mean future plans in preparation at all times.And one of the corporations that I'm chairman of the board of directors of, we are planning into 25 years into the 21st century.We are looking to have 40 million agents worldwide by the year 2125.And that means that you have to be in planning process all the time.You have to know all the demarcations.You have to know what's going to happen or make some calculated assessment on what's going to happen in the future in different countries.I'm sure the Bible, as I understand it, teaches personal responsibility.You cannot make a commitment to Christ for someone else.Except cuddle. Personal responsibility.If you want to be motivated all the time, principle #11 is make motivation a habit.We can change our lives by changing our habits.Move it into automatic control, find the motivational key and use it in other areas.And never let an exception occur. Be objective. Always. Do not confuse activity with objectivity.You know, so often we're raring to go and we can't go for airing.So often when running around in circles and an Academy of pages just to stop and think.I know that I have been able to achieve more throughout the world.And earn more money and help more people.With two hours of solid concentrated focus thought.Then I have ever been able to do with three months hard work.Make motivation a habit.Principle #12 Aspire something greater than yourself.Have a grand, magnificent obsession.Finally, finally, finally you are going to expire on this earth and whatever you've done in that time frame, that is what you've transferred your life for.Wouldn't it be great if your great, great, great grandchildren knew who you were?And you left it deposit in this nation or the whole world that showed what kind of person you were and the faith that you stood for.Have a grand, magnificent obsession.One, that is benefit to others. Secondly, large an impact.And thirdly, that it has the only real measure of value that is permanent.Because when you feel small, it will help you think big.When you feel down, it will get you up. When you feel confused, it will give you clarity. It will also give you a God consciousness and a God perspective. Aspire something greater than yourself.Petrol #13 always have a futuristic look.Look to the future.Welcome. Change programme change control change.I do not like being with people my own age.Huawei because they're always glorifying the past.It was in that good I was there.#14 If you want to be motivated all the time, give your motivational gift to others.Be affirming in your remarks. Remember that the Bible does talk about sowing and reaping.And what you give today, you get tomorrow.Be careful on the way up. You made exactly the same people on the way down.Give you a motivational gift to others and lead. Don't dominate.And understand the difference between leaders Amir power holders.And teeth. Personal printables at work.I get a little tired of what happens in the Western world where we have people at a teaching things that they cannot do.We do not need more teachers, we need more examples.Our children are getting tired of the double standards that we're placing before them and we wonder why are teenagers are going off the tracks?Printable #15 Be grateful, not critical.Now moving through these, we have a great deal to get through today and this would normally be you know, 1/2 day event.Remember that there is always a bright side.You are what you made of your life.You are today the choices that you have or have not made in the past. You are today the books that you have read or have not read in the past.You are today the experiences that you are prepared to enjoy or endure in the past. Be grateful, not critical. Remember, the criticism is loveless.Principle #16.Remove motivational blocks forever.Turn problems into procedures.Some time ago I was at the Los Angeles airport for 9 hours.There were many of the airports further on were blocked out with snow.And that was some years ago and I was on my own. Robina wasn't with me, which is unusual. She can usually pacify me.And I was walking up and down like a caged lion.And suddenly I had a moment of insight and I said, hey, this is what you like. You like being alone, You're in an airport, nobody knows you, you can do whatever you want to do. And so I went to the book shop and got some paper and I started to work on my mind and then my subconscious mind and the deep recesses of my mind and looked at.The biggest motivational block I had in my life.And then I programmed it out. In those nine hours, I programmed and out of my life forever.Why not?You take a day off sometime and look at your biggest motivational block.Go back into your mind and your subconscious mind and in the deep recesses.Have your cortex.And ask the question why am I doing this? There has to be a reason.And when you hit the reason then.Reprogram your mind.Remove.Motivational blocked forever.Principle #17.Look for mentors.Remember that mentors are usually bigger than life. They expand us.So often when I'm faced with a challenge.I ask myself, what would Solomon.Have to say about this.I think of Napoleon. What would he do for strategy in this area?And so I go through all the people that I have read in biblical and ancient history right up to today.And I ask myself the question, what kind of mindset where they have on this Diwali and choose mentors in different fields because they broadened us.And they'll be frightened to choose to seek mentors because they very often inspire us.Principle #18.If you want to be motivated all the time, have built in personal incentives.Have a reward programme.I have a friend who is fabulously wealthy and a dynamic Christian and one of the great contributors to Christian work around the world.When you go into his his manner.He has special items all around their magnificent treasures from different parts of the world. And when you ask him about them, he told you, yes, that was a reward I gave myself for a particular achievement. This is another one, this is another one. And they're meaningless to anyone else, but to him every time he looks at them.Smiles and he remembers that he promised himself that if.He achieved that particular level and he paid up on time.Yes, we need to do that, even for intangibles.You can be motivated all the time.I'm looking at that clock.And I'm right on the button.Now I want to do something else.And I want you involvement as I do it.I want you to be thinking of principles for success.What are the principles to success? And I'm going to ask you some questions and get you involved.Because I want you to tell me.What are the principles for success and see if we can come together with a few simple conclusions as soon as I put these.Few lines down.Call out to me principles unsuccess.5.Keep going.Motivation.Hard work.Vision.Keep.Meta type.Discipline.Integrity.Two more.Problem solving.Holding.Ability. I don't know.I've got 10 their fight, motivation, hard work, activity, vision, meditate, disciplining. 
